How to do this in newer GFE Versions (Full Guide)



1. Install GFE, it should launch automatically where you sign into your account and stuff



2. Close the GFE



3. Go to firewall settings and create a New Rule



4. Navigate to C:\Program Files (x86)\NVIDIA Corporation\NvNode\NVIDIA Web Helper.exe 

(You might need to enable "Show Hidden Files and Folders" in your windows settings to see this

This is the .exe that sneakily downloads new updates every time you launch the GFE



5. Select Block all internet connection and finish the Rule



6. Dont start the GFE again yet ! The update files were probably already downloaded while you were signing into you GFE acc. and it will try to install the update

   the next time you launch the GFE, so DONT !



7. Make sure the folder "C:\ProgramData\NVIDIA Corporation\Downloader" doesnt contain a folder called something like 01958FD89727572FH285JF8275 or

    similar file named by such Letters and Numbers jibberish.. If you have such a folder there, delete it, as it contains the update files



8. Make sure the folder "C:\ProgramData\NVIDIA Corporation\Downloader\PostProcessing\GFE" doesnt contain any files or folders.. If it has many folders and

   also some "setup.exe" file in there, select all those files and folders along with that "setup.exe" and delete those, as this is the update files just as previous one but

   now its unpacked, waiting to be installed by the GFE the next time you launch it



9. If you blocked that mentioned .exe file in your firewall and deleted all the updates, you may now launch the GFE



Note: If you cant find the folders or files mentioned above, you might have those under a different path, look for those folders in your system



Note2: If you dont have folders "Downloader" or "PostProcessing\GFE" look for a folder named "Update" that might have these updates in it



Note3: I am using this for GFE version 3.14.0.139 which is the last version that works on my OS.